especially welcome to such a small photo editing sociologist
their quality Photoshop but inside
Photoshop and Lightroom 3
also for autumn pictures
and lots of pictures, the colors are not always exactly like you
maybe imagine or how he would like them
by various things stop especially by percent by not that
rudder
wrong light
just outside
and pay attention to the fact that always extremely Bavarian also have a relatively pale
Ruland percent but look so ugly
You can see that in the picture here
that the original I did
the light was not so nice the colors are not that
so strong
and I want to show how in this picture
around
to bring to these
by how many degrees in all colors rather have shades
to have the same picture what Johannes input will buy it has
need to do min for no longer know what else
and percent
Yes, through that may show sometimes
jump that is what original
went into development
So Engine has developed her above
and if the color temperature is the Michelle's not cold No the blue tones
You can see that up here in the sky, too
and I would suggest he take a slightly warmer driver
Uru easy to enter in the 5000 around percent 5100 approximately
up to a maximum of 5500
yes that will be too much else
Percent the tint can let the rock band the row
but also to emphasize the green a bit more
in their bit in the green area at -1 or - new since
and the green to ten percent of the cases extreme I stay at minus 1
for not so good the exposure
the tint
and the next step is the exposure
percent
I just play around a room a bit
But as I said, I am not a project or other photo editing program
Do not you try to get on well and I think so
Results are not so bad now
or we could say we could be small here
go up with the glory newcomer
a fifth easily
then inflict the most striking on criminals
That's what makes the whole education look a bit off of me in fact
Percent the black levels let through because people too
they are beautiful, of course
around the contrast
the majority have so far only on 32
and then you would be working a presence here and that clarity
stomp slightly up to about 30
Jannik at the better so simply beautiful and better to recognize
Dynamics by not so much then then change percent because that's just
also generally too much w is the OXSEED
"Maybe I just want to join
Yes
I know what every area is
Percent saturation do not do much to get up right away or something
the judgment too extreme
yes i would definitely put the lights so out of the sky
a little bit of Bremen
so gets the old one so far could raced into the picture
because some as good a year Nakowitz does not like him but better
Dieter Egner
Percent the brighter midrange
he reinforces himself a bit
that is from every shipment really nice percent full light on the
Leaves fall
in darker midrange darken a bit so is in the background
Little Donkey and Diddy you can really focus more on what's in focus
is focus
and sees the deep ones
I would say
they just let 0
that's quite reasonable from that
so now we are here in those
the color settings 2 hue saturation so approach from by Mixa
appointed
I do not want another story, which his country has a moral one
do not turn up a bit higher
of course you look at that settlements 2 of course
+ 2 30 approximately
the possibility of caring
to be honest in yellow clearly
lecturers
little
Take out a bit
- - 11 in the company in India percent
the front weather is a bit too yellowish
I really like green and everything else quite well
Percent then again at the Luminale twelve evenings should be brightness
experience
work a bit
want the green
who are still a bit darker
that fits that fits already - 20
that means you do not edit the next one
but
Percent I will
Picture a bit more sleep in some places
Leifeld military is not quite so
Of course, the SUV sharper or that to the area jokes Essene Corner grains
or so that such a big Cologne fair picture so to speak
it does not always look nice to watch them
extremely her Cher
im of course, when photographing on the why pay attention
in this case old with after 402 here so photographed
what also Mario's 500 hp
Stone churches of which is tiger warden
not too much noise
but in any case, which topic
You can never avoid that as a team
I would Anna Rauschreduzierung a bit to the
No, the detailist working a bit that is mostly just about the players
I do not really know
but
percent
So I went out of it quite well
Actually, I think that's pretty nice
To have a vignette
that is a bit present if percent of people space
percent
yes, I would interview you
work it out a little bit more
Blindness makes the focus and the mentors look a little better
personally
Of course, that was not too extreme - four five might say
an extremely soft knee
do not give a grade
around the age of 56
and
I guess I like that quite well that it and he does not
quite as extreme the picture I did before
but a bit Mr long still
yes that's it
what already had what was done before
now what i have ever done
Top ten still on you could maybe get 4 percent a bit more
Darken the darker midrange
Come on, the thing is pretty close
around
yes that comes very close to him
Su um, yes, I'll probably have a few more to so Reetz for Algeria
for Hofstetter they were sorry
and now the video is celebrated the valet conjured up mosquitoes thumbs up
He commented on whether you make such a safe haven more and thus that
you revised it
and the BA are also uploaded to Bonds on Flickr to find the
Link in the cradle Description of Sam Fleck Austrian
Dalan he
or at the moment I'll get my balls up
yes, there did not work outward
Turn and around
Vattenfall says the tree is high but would not be bad if you go to
to clean up
until the next stop smarter